The world is constantly shifting, growing, and adapting. New advancements are made 
each and every day to improve the lives of people across the globe. In this ever-
changing climate, it is vital that we take the time to appreciate how we got to 
where we are today. Although the process of officially labelling a site as historic
can be complicated and difficult, historic preservation laws hold significant value due
to the economic, environmental, and cultural benefits that stem from the preservation of
historic sites.

Despite these many benefits, opponents of preservation argue that the funding aspect creates
a barrier to preserving historic places. In fact, 24% of professionals surveyed identified 
the need for funding as a top challenge to preserving historic places (Source D). However, the 
economic benefits of preservation are strong enough to outweight the cost of funding these 
sites. As seen from the passage of the National Historic Preservation Act, communities saw
how historic preservation could "foster heritage tourism" (Source A). The protection of historic
locations captivated travelers, motivating them to visit historic areas to experience the past. 
Bringing in tourists not only results in the appreciation of the style and culture of the historic 
buildings, but also brings business to the town in which the historic sites are located,
thereby positively impacting the economy in areas that practice historic preservation. Ultimately, 
money must be put into these historic sites, but their preservation stimulates the
economy by driving tourism. 

Beyond the economic benefits of preservation, historical sites also positively impact the 
environment. Buildings are not merely buildings, they are "repositories of extracted and 
manufactured materials" (Source B). Constructing a building requires significant nonrenewable
resources. The demolition of old buildings to replace them with new structure significantly
depletes these essential resources. On the other hand, by preserving these old buildings, 
resources are conserved, promoting sustainability. Additionally, when older buildings are 
preserved, they can still be altered in ways that allow them to operate using technologies that 
are just as environmentally friendly as in modern buildings. Unfortunately, there are some
limitations to adaptations made to historic buildings, as seen in parts of DC that prohibit
installing rooftop solar panels (Source C). However, the preservation of materials outweights 
the restrictions on modernization, demonstrating the value of preserving historic buildings.

Although preventing changes to historic buildings can inhibit the use of environmentally friendly
practices, it is necessary to preserve the past so the cultural and historic legacy of a location
is retained. The preservation of history through buildings may not seem essential, as the events
that took place in the past, but Brent Leggs, executive direction of the Action Fund asserts that, 
"It's really about leveraging the power of the place to have a positive impact on people's lives 
right now" (Source E). Leggs is referring to Harlem, a neighborhood that has hisotrically been a 
center of African American culture. By designating buildings in this neighborhood as historic, 
the process of gentrification of Harlem will be slowed significantly, preserving the culture of its 
residents by allowing their community to remain intact. Through historic preservation of buildings, 
past and present cultures are preserved. A major barrier to this essential preservation is the 
process of labelling a site as historical. The bureaucratic nature of designating a site as 
historic was labeled a top challenge by 9% of experts (Source D). Additioanlly, the requirement 
for a building to be deemed historically significant are not widely agreed upon, making it difficult 
to determine whether or not a building qualifies for preservation or not (Source B). This causes 
many buildings that could potentially be historic to not become preserved, resulting in their 
demolition. Historical preservation is a valuable idea, but there have been issues effectively 
putting it into practice. If the process for establishing sites as historically significant was 
improved, historic preservation would be a major success, with many positive impacts. Change can 
be beneficial, but it is just as important to preserve reminders of the past.